## Introduction
Building scripts performing various tasks on various services is easy when running them locally. For most of the cases you have all the contexts downloaded and configurations prepared to handle different authentication methods. The problem arises when you want to run a script using your CI solution. Many times you have to struggle with in-built tasks, which are not flexible enough to handle your scenario. This exercise will show you how to overcome a problem of running a Bash script on Azure DevOps assuming, that it includes some `kubectl` statements.
## Requirements
To perform this exercise, you'll need:
* access to Azure DevOps project
* an empty Azure Pipeline
* an Azure Kubernetes Cluster you can work with
* an empty Bash script
## Getting started
Let's assume you have the following Bash script:
```
#!/bin/bash

# Initiate 
echo "Some crazy stuff is about to happen!"
(...)

# Prune resources
kubectl delete namespace some_stale_namespace
```
This will work perfectly fine locally, but if you run it using Azure DevOps and the Bash@3 task, you will probably see the following error:
```
Bla bla bla
```
We clearly miss a Kubernetes context here. We might use the in-built Kubernetes task, but the problem here is, that it disallows us from running a complete script. In other words - we have to somehow download the context.
## Solution
Solution here is to save the context using Azure CLI. When using AKS, you can run the following command to download the configuration:
```
az aks get-credentials -g <resource-group> -n <cluster-name>
```
When using Azure DevOps, we have access to appriopriate task called **SOME**